lucene/analysis/common/src/java/org/apache/lucene/analysis/synonym/SynonymFilter.java:110:@Deprecated
lucene/analysis/common/src/java/org/apache/lucene/analysis/synonym/SynonymFilterFactory.java:82:@Deprecated
lucene/analysis/common/src/java/org/apache/lucene/analysis/util/FilesystemResourceLoader.java:55:  @Deprecated
lucene/analysis/common/src/java/org/apache/lucene/analysis/util/ClasspathResourceLoader.java:44:  @Deprecated
lucene/analysis/common/src/java/org/apache/lucene/analysis/miscellaneous/FixBrokenOffsetsFilter.java:31:@Deprecated
lucene/analysis/common/src/java/org/apache/lucene/analysis/miscellaneous/WordDelimiterFilter.java:95:@Deprecated
lucene/analysis/common/src/java/org/apache/lucene/analysis/miscellaneous/WordDelimiterFilterFactory.java:58:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyBinaryDocValues.java:28:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacySortedSetDocValues.java:36:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyNumericDocValuesWrapper.java:30:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacySortedNumericDocValuesWrapper.java:29:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:47:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:76:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:105:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:152:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:207:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:271:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:319:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:383:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:438:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyDocValuesIterables.java:489:  @Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacySortedSetDocValuesWrapper.java:30:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacySortedNumericDocValues.java:27:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacySortedDocValues.java:34:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyBinaryDocValuesWrapper.java:31:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacySortedDocValuesWrapper.java:30:@Deprecated
lucene/codecs/src/java/org/apache/lucene/codecs/memory/LegacyNumericDocValues.java:26:@Deprecated
lucene/core/src/test/org/apache/lucene/analysis/TestToken.java:31:@Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/SloppyMath.java:75:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/IOUtils.java:426:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/IOUtils.java:438:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/CharsRef.java:145:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/CharsRef.java:149:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/CharsRef.java:155:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/Version.java:39:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/Version.java:75:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/Constants.java:96:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/Constants.java:103:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/FuzzyQuery.java:217:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/FuzzyQuery.java:229:  @Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/store/RAMOutputStream.java:37:@Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/store/RAMInputStream.java:33:@Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/store/RAMDirectory.java:57:@Deprecated
lucene/core/src/java/org/apache/lucene/store/RAMFile.java:33:@Deprecated
lucene/expressions/src/java/org/apache/lucene/expressions/js/JavascriptParser.java:43:  @Deprecated
lucene/expressions/src/java/org/apache/lucene/expressions/js/JavascriptParser.java:60:  @Deprecated
lucene/expressions/src/java/org/apache/lucene/expressions/js/JavascriptLexer.java:50:  @Deprecated
lucene/expressions/src/java/org/apache/lucene/expressions/js/JavascriptLexer.java:67:  @Deprecated
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:113:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:142:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:163:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:179:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:205:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:226:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:233:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/highlighter/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/highlight/TokenSources.java:244:  @Deprecated // maintenance reasons LUCENE-6445
lucene/join/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/join/BlockJoinSelector.java:80:  @Deprecated
lucene/join/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/join/BlockJoinSelector.java:106:  @Deprecated
lucene/join/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/join/BlockJoinSelector.java:124:  @Deprecated
lucene/join/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/join/BlockJoinSelector.java:155:  @Deprecated
lucene/misc/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/similarity/LegacyBM25Similarity.java:33:@Deprecated
lucene/queryparser/src/java/org/apache/lucene/queryparser/classic/CharStream.java:30:  @Deprecated
lucene/queryparser/src/java/org/apache/lucene/queryparser/classic/CharStream.java:38:  @Deprecated
lucene/queryparser/src/java/org/apache/lucene/queryparser/flexible/standard/parser/CharStream.java:30:  @Deprecated
lucene/queryparser/src/java/org/apache/lucene/queryparser/flexible/standard/parser/CharStream.java:38:  @Deprecated
lucene/queryparser/src/java/org/apache/lucene/queryparser/surround/parser/CharStream.java:30:  @Deprecated
lucene/queryparser/src/java/org/apache/lucene/queryparser/surround/parser/CharStream.java:38:  @Deprecated
lucene/queryparser/src/java/org/apache/lucene/queryparser/surround/query/SimpleTerm.java:45:  @Deprecated
lucene/spatial-extras/src/java/org/apache/lucene/spatial/prefix/tree/DateRangePrefixTree.java:100:  @Deprecated
lucene/suggest/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/suggest/jaspell/JaspellTernarySearchTrie.java:68:@Deprecated
lucene/suggest/src/java/org/apache/lucene/search/suggest/jaspell/JaspellLookup.java:41:@Deprecated
lucene/test-framework/src/java/org/apache/lucene/util/LuceneTestCase.java:2812:  @Deprecated
lucene/test-framework/src/java/org/apache/lucene/index/BaseFieldInfoFormatTestCase.java:320:  @Deprecated
lucene/test-framework/src/java/org/apache/lucene/index/BaseSegmentInfoFormatTestCase.java:489:  @Deprecated
